1.Explain about the main method in java?
	The main() is the starting point for JVM to start execution of a Java program.
	Without the main() method, JVM will not execute the program. 
	The syntax of the main() method is:
	public static void main(String args[]){
		//block of code
	}
	
2.What are the different  Control flow Statements available in java?
	Java provides three types of control flow statements.

	Decision Making statements
		1.if statements
		2.switch statement
	Loop statements
		1.do while loop
		2.while loop
		3.for loop
		4.for-each loop
	Jump statements
		1.break statement
		2.continue statement

	
3.What is the Difference betweeen break and continue statements?
	break:is used to break the current flow of the program and transfer the control
	to the next statement outside a loop or switch statement. However, it breaks only 
	the inner loop in the case of the nested loop.
	
	continue:Unlike break statement, the continue statement doesn't break the loop,
	whereas, it skips the specific part of the loop and jumps to the next iteration of the loop immediately.
	The break statement cannot be used independently in the Java program, i.e., it can only be written inside 
	the loop or switch statement.

4.What is an Array? How will you declare an array in java?
	An array is a collection of similar data elements stored at contiguous memory locations.
	Array can be declared using:
		-->without assigning values with new keyword: datatype [] arrayName = new datatype [ size ]  
		-->after declaration of the array: 
			first declaring the datatype [] variableName
			variable name=new datatype[]{-----};
		--> Initializing and assigning values together: datatype[]={ ------ };
		
5.When will you get ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException?
	The ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException occurs whenever we are trying to access any item of an array at an index 
	which is not present in the array. In other words, the index may be negative or exceed the size of an array.
	
	The ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException is a subclass of IndexOutOfBoundsException, and it implements the 
	Serializable interface
	
6.Define the Syntax to create an object for a class.
	Syntax:
		Constructor variableName=new Constructor();
	
What are the naming conventions to be followed while creating a class, 
method and a variable.Explain with examples
	Java naming convention is a rule to follow as you decide what to name your identifiers such as class,
	package, variable, constant, method, etc.
	
	class--> should always start with the uppercaseletter. eg:Employee
	interface-->should always start with the uppercaseletter.eg:Printable
	method-->should always start with the lowercaseletter.eg: draw()
	variable-->should always start with the lowercaseletter. eg:int id;
	
7.What is Variable?How will you declare a variables in java?
	Variables are containers for storing data values.
		String - stores text, such as "Hello". String values are surrounded by double quotes
		int - stores integers (whole numbers), without decimals, such as 123 or -123
		float - stores floating point numbers, with decimals, such as 19.99 or -19.99
		char - stores single characters, such as 'a' or 'B'. Char values are surrounded by single quotes
		boolean - stores values with two states: true or false

8.What is String in java? Is it a Data Type?
	In Java, string is basically an object that represents sequence of char values. 
	An array of characters works same as Java string.
	
	Yes, String is a non primitive data type.	

9.What are the different ways to create the String Object in java?
	By string literal : Java String literal is created by using double quotes.
		For Example: String s=“Welcome”;  
	By new keyword : Java String is created by using a keyword “new”.
		For example: String s=new String(“Welcome”);  
	It creates two objects (in String pool and in heap) and one reference variable where the variable ‘s’ 
	will refer to the object in the heap.


10.What is the Difference between .Equals and ==? 
	The major difference between the == operator and .equals() method is that one is an operator, and the other is the method.
	Both these == operators and equals() are used to compare objects to mark equality. 

	== is an operator that compares the memory or reference location of an object in the heap.
	.equal() is a method that compares the actual content of the object.