

1.What is oops stands for?
	OOP stands for Object-Oriented Programming.
	Procedural programming is about writing proceduresor methods that perform operations on the data, while object-oriented programming
	is about creating objects that contain both data and methods.

2.What is Polymorphism? explain types?
	Multiple form of implementation is known as polymorphism. Polymorphism can be classified into two types
	they are:
	-->Method Overloading:Same class , same method with different argument.
	-->Method Overriding:Different class with same method name. It's should be an inherited class.

3.what is interface and example in selenium,java?
	Interface is a design also an unimplemented method. The only accessable access modifiers are public and default.
  Example:
	Selenium:Chromedriver-Extends-Chromiumdriver
	Java:
	
4.what is abstarct class and example?
	Abstract class: is a restricted class that cannot be used to create objects (to access it, it must be inherited from another class).
	Abstract method: can only be used in an abstract class, and it does not have a body. The body is provided by the subclass (inherited from).
	Due to unimplemented methods the methods present in the body where the object cannot be created.


5.Difference between multiple inheritance and multilevel inheritance
	Multiple inheritance is a inheritance inheriting features where a class can inherit more than one class is known as multiple inheritance where, Java does not support
	multiple inheritance for classes.But multilevel inheritance is possible only in interface level.

	Multi-level inheritance is one class extending more than one class is known as multi-level inheritance.It is nothing but a chain of inheritance.

6.Is multiple inheritance possible in java?
	Java does not support multiple inheritance. This means that a class cannot extend more than one class. But multilevel inheritance is possible only in interface level.

7.What is keyword for using inheritance?	
	Extends (extends) is the keyword used for using inheritance.

8.what is the keyword to connect interface and class
	Implements (implements) is the keyword used for using to connect an interface and a class.

9.what is difference between class and interface
	Class:
		A class describes the attributes and behaviors of an object.A class may contain abstract methods, concrete methods.
	Interface:
		An interface contains behaviors that a class implements. An interface contains only abstract methods 

10.what is difference between class and abstract class
	An abstract class can have abstract methods (Method without body) and concrete/non-abstract methods (Methods with the body) also.
	The abstract class must have at least one abstract method(Method without body). A normal class can't have any abstract method.